Checkpoint FWv2: Improved login mechanism (#14639)
demisto/content: Packs/CheckpointFirewall/ReleaseNotes/2_1_1.md

#### Integrations
##### CheckPoint Firewall v2

> - Solved an issue where logout would be preformed after every command, causing problems in Playbooks.
> - Solved an issue where provided `server` values starting with `https://` would not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where logout would be performed after every command execution.
- Fixed an issue where provided `server` values starting with `https://` would not work.
```
